Hi, I'm here looking at the summary and I see
an expense in a restaurant for two
people and what happens is someone
chasing control frames please
since I'm alone I feel like I'm missing
the air up frame I can not go through
home look for the turbo is neither the little one
the gray please do not wear it claudia
It is is the very heated bitch
listen
although there is a decision
or the call to paint napo with
fried can be boats is not me
calling me do not worry about me
Sometimes it also happens to me that I want to call
to someone and suddenly I'm
dialing your number but you were wrong
I was not wrong
but in Neapolitan can be what
it was a plate of pasta you are not
eating
I hear chewing is chewing
something today is Friday key is eating
pizza do not walk me you're not eating
priísta claudia
frames frames
hello hello
I wanted to tell you that it is very difficult
wake up in the morning without you yes I know
please is the last thing I ask you to
you would not give me the alarm clock
today I woke 2 - 20 is a century long
I woke up the bitch that wanted to leave
good we arrived but I'm dawning
any time
of work
they are not vaccinated
carrillo d
and alvaro encantada tell him to come
whenever you want if you take advantage of
collection of cans that I just finished
take to the sidewalk
claudia with the tin we are not the sole of
pomegranate
rain
or the one that was in need are together
not first I was many great you
I answered I need and I want to do
A dressing room
target a dressing room in the little room
sad where you had the metegol I'm going to
make a dress for me
there is no in up to 250 thousand pesos and you
nothing gives her hand and she grabs
the shoulder the comfortable frames the color all
start with 257 stay with the bank and you
goes security